



h2. Overview


bc.. I'm about to sort things out.
As always, I'm used to the bottom to top workflow.
So I have to start with information management.
I guess, sorting the information I put 
onto github is a good first step.


h3. General information written by me


"An odd Home":https://michael105.github.io
	To be honest, it's a joke. An awful design.
	I tried to do it worse than the silliest Homepages in the nineties.
	Anyways, I did it, I leave it there.
	I'm still blogging there sometimes



h3. Repos


"minilib":https://github.com/michael105/minilib

bc. A tiny C system library (Ansi C subset), 
creating REALLY small static linked programs. 
OSX, Linux, x32, x64. Static linking. 
(151 bytes for "Hello world", 
created with the standard toolchain) 

	Atm, my main project in focus.
	Where Im going to continue just now.

"ET":https://github.com/michael105/et
	The extraterrestrial editor.
	Extremely tiny. 
	I modified some work of others,
	and added the usability of Cursor keys, 
	function keys, and so on.
	Mainly I did so, cause I've been really surprised
	by the programming style of the original work.
	Admireable.

"github":https://github.com/michael105/github
	github related remarks.
	about shell tools (hub,git,gih) 
	and Markup

"Doku-C":https://github.com/michael105/docu-c
	Programming in C related documents.
	Amongst others, converted man pages of the BSD libc library.
	I'm getting really eager on BSD, 
	they are better written than the linux ones.
	Yet I haven't gotten in contact with BSD.
	But it's promising.

"Readkey":https://github.com/michael105/readkey
	Tiny tool for the terminal. 
	12k statically linked. 
	Wait for a key to be hit, with optional timeout. 
	Prints the modifiers, cursor and function keys. 

"weblinks":https://github.com/michael105/weblinks
	Trying to collect my bookmarks there.
	Not many there atm.
	
"tools":https://github.com/michael105/tools
	Assorted tools I've written

"home":https://github.com/michael105/home
	Just a home skeleton, I'm used to in unix like environments
